I'd love to see a reaction video of a flat-earther being sent into orbit.
I wish TV networks felt the immediacy of my switching the channel when something I don't like comes on
If it were socially acceptable, I'd absolutely drive a go-kart to work when it's nice out.
Doing nothing always sounds so appealing until you have nothing to do.
"The Land of Milk and Honey" sounds a lot better than "The Land of Goats and Bees".
I met a guy today whose birthday is January 23, 1945. How cool would it be to say your birthday is 12345.
A program crashing after you try to close it is its way of saying "You can't fire me, I quit."
I wonder if I ever buy milk from the same cow.
I have never heard Kim Jong Un's voice
When my first toddler ate sand, I drove him to the ER. When my 2nd toddler ate sand I tried to remove it. When my 3rd toddler ate sand I hoped he's fed until the evening.
It's gonna be the 20s again in 3 years
A birth certificate is just a receipt for my child.
I never understood how adults could forget their age until I reached my mid 20's.
Every Olympic event should have an average person competing for reference.
I thought getting old would take longer.
Imagine if men could suffer from proceeding hairlines that over time merged with your eyebrows.
August is like the Sunday of summer
100 years ago, most people owned horses and only the rich could afford cars. Fast forward to today, most people own cars and only the rich can afford to own horses.
We bake cookies and cook bacon
I wonder if dogs can tell if they are from another country by their bark?
If you don't like it when women breastfeed in public, does that make you Lactate Intolerant?
The masks the bad guys on Scooby Doo wore must have been fucking amazing
Having a stalker is basically like being famous to 1 person
There is nothing more manly than being a great father
I spent most of my teenage years stressing about someone noticing my surprise boners...but i never noticed another guy having one
Sometimes I forget what shirt I'm wearing and play a guessing game before looking down.
There is approximately one testicle per each person in the world
In 10-12 years from now, we're gonna see: "I'm the boy who got Harambe shot. AMA."
Always choosing the easiest path will lead you to hardest life.
Are you a pessimist or an optimist if you view the garbage can as half empty?
If everything in the universe suddenly doubled in size, we would have no way of knowing.
90s TV made me think being stuffed into a locker was a much bigger issue than it actually was
There should be a universal gesture to say "Sorry I'm an idiot" the same way we have a geusture for "fuck you". This could help mitigate road rage.
I feel like we're all gonna wake up one morning and North Korea is just going to be gone.
If your shirt isn't tucked into your pants, then your pants are tucked into your shirt
I wonder how many Pitbull owners around the world named their dog "Mr Worldwide".
I find the Snooze button to be kind of like dessert for sleep: it's enjoyable in the moment, but deep down you know it's unnecessary and you should skip it
I've never heard a dad sneeze normally
I would give anything, for one day, to be a complete stranger to myself and see what I'm like/what people think from an outside perspective.
I wonder how Harry Potter would have ended up, if Voldemort decided to kidnap and raise him instead of trying to kill him
The phrase "kill two birds with one stone" is much harder to do in reality than most of the situations it is used to describe
A lottery is proof that if we all contribute a little, someone's life can become much better.
Sometimes I notice some spooky coincidences and go," Damn ! Either nature is mysterious af or whoever programed this simulation is lazy af."
Bran is basically just watching Game of Thrones.
TVs should be able to connect to Bluetooth headphones so you can watch tv without disturbing other household members
Little known fact: Pinky toes were designed to find furniture legs and corners in the dark.
Water can never truly be ice cold
There should be a subreddit where adults help baby adults with adult life
CheezItz never taste as good as when you're at someone else's house and too uncomfortable to ask for food
If fridge doors were heavier, I'd be a lot fitter.
Everyone thinks they don't speak with an accent.
Life is all about knowing when to say 'fuck it' and 'fuck you'.
Robbers and thieves should just dress up like they're working out cause then no one will question why they're running.
I had never really pictured whales dying, but now that I think of it, there are huge, massive dead whales rolling around all over the ocean floor.
Seeing people in partial clothing is much more likely to turn me on than seeing people with no clothing at all
I want some people to stop wasting my time so I can go waste my own time
If reincarnation is real and does not follow the laws of time, everyone alive might be yourself
If I was to run NASA I'd make all ground crew dress like apes whenever Astronauts returned to Earth.
In the early days of the railroad, the sound of a train was a startling reminder of human progress. Now, not long after, the same sound evokes feelings of nostalgia for the days before progress exploded so rampantly.
When we look at the moon at night, we look at the moon having day.
Someone with a Masters qualification in puppetry is probably a Metallica fan.
There's a surgeon out there somewhere that knows how to do a heart transplant, but doesn't know how to cook a chicken breast.
I spend so much time making sure I have a good looking resume only to end up filling in dialog boxes answering questions that could have been answered by my resume.
I could be falsely accused of a heinous crime tomorrow and spend the rest of my life in prison for something I didn't do
Phone messages should have a "mark as unread" feature so I know which texts I haven't replied to, or accidentally opened but didn't read
A parking mirage is when a spot looks empty until you get right up to it and discover that it's not.
Nude bras are only nude on white girls
In movies where the groom-to-be secretly learns to dance for his wife on their wedding night as a romantic gesture, their wife-to-be always miraculously knows how to dance when the time comes.
Billboards that say, "Does advertising work? It just did." actually don't work. If they did, the company would have already rented out the billboard.
A great voice actor can make themselves sound like anyone, but the most famous voice actors have voices that are instantly recognizable.
What if defunding planned parenthood wasn't about saving babies, and was actually about keeping the lower class low?
Jokes are spells to make people throw up air
I've probably already looked at our cat's butthole more than I will look on any other butthole in my life
I wonder how many times per day I say a sentence I've never said before.
Have we as a species just universally agreed that Snoop Dogg can hit a blunt whenever and wherever he wants?
Come 10 years, the games we think have great graphics today will look terrible in comparison to the graphics then
Siri should have a feature where she responds to you in the same volume that you speak to her. Useful for when you whisper an alarm time and she responds on full volume.
Due to only having three stripes on his uniform, Captain Crunch is actually a commander, not a captain
Finding forgotten money in your pocket feels like receiving a gift from your past self
I worry that people at work have figured out my business casual outfit rotation throughout the week so I switch the same outfits to different days to make myself feel less paranoid
If you're a mute, is it acceptable to chew your food and use sign language at the same time?
Some people are like video game companions. They're blocking my path, talks way too much and does the stupidest things ever.
If my life was like The Truman show, there wouldn't be many people watching it.
The Roman numeral X is two V's.
A porn scene with the woman digitally removed would be like the worst dad dancing video ever
After working in fast food, anytime I see people in movies chatting while they are supposed to be working I hear my manager say "If you have time to lean you have time to clean"
Public doors should have a button by the handle that you can press to keep it open for an extra 5 seconds so you don't have to hold the door for people and make them awkwardly rush to catch up
I don't know whether to thank or to curse Californians when I see a toxic warning label on a product.... every single product.
Sometimes I pick up old video games thinking I really want to play only to get bored. I think it is because I don’t want to play as adult-me, but rather that I want to go back in time and be child-me.
I will have a much more thorough set of pictures and documentation of my cats life than of my own.
Because of tech, being able to navigate without a GPS device will eventually be a lost skill
With the rise of self driving vehicles, there will eventually be a country song about how your truck left you too.
My tolerance for cold and flavorless food has gone way up since starting college
You know you're getting older when your favorite porn stars stop making teen videos and start making milf videos
It is truly unfortunate that we live lives in which we cannot wait for the weekend to begin and once it ends, we rush for it to start again.
Whenever I see a villain strap someone to a rocket in a movie I immediately think how much the person being attached to the rocket would affect its trajectory aerodynamics
If Voldemort had used muggle weapons, Harry could have been killed right way.
If you think you have hypochondriasis, you probably do.
A printer can say Printer Busy and refuse to work. An employee can't.
If dogs were in charge everyone would have nice/loving homes
A long time ago "fresh food" was just food. Nowadays we praise the fact that food is fresh.
Eating a grilled cheese with tomatoe soup is like eating a hybrid pizza
The fact that no allergy medication has used Phil Collins' "I can feel it coming in the air tonight" as their ad campaign music really disappoints me.
The new baby smell people talk about is just residual uterus smell
When reverse psychology doesn't work we just look like an idiot.
Telepathy would mostly be used to tell other drivers what to do or what they're doing wrong.
Social media is like a cable access channel from the early 90's. I can spend all day watching other people exercising and cooking food.
If you got shot in the head at point blank range would you hear the gunshot?
My work email account is like a questlog in real life.
The voice you use in your head to read this will never change volume.
With so many channels pulling content to make their own streaming apps, its going to end up with as many apps as there are channels, and it will end up probably costing the same as cable does now.
When I'm eating at a restaurant, sometimes I think about how many mouths my silverware has been in before mine. I'll be honest, I find it unsettling.
When it's sunny do people with epilepsy have to walk really slowly past fences?
Predictive text should cater to adults, if you're too young to handle swearing, you're too young to handle a phone.
If everyone else uses a toilet seat cover, you don't have to
I have never in my fifty years of life used the fly on the front of a pair of briefs.
It's always a great feeling when I notice that the tp is all out and I put a new roll before I start taking a shit. I feel like I'm well taken care of and don't have to worry about anything.
Saying "Greetings" is like saying "I don't know how to greet you, so I'll just say that I'm greeting you"
People who've developed criminal anti-social behavior are "rehabilitated" by surrounding them with others who have criminal anti-social behaviors.
I don't remember any super villains going back to save their henchmen. Henching in the comic book universe must be an awful way to pay the bills.
Taco Bell would save me a lot of trouble if they would just start adding an anti-diarrheal into Baja Blast.
So many songs that i would like so much but i just dont know them
A sizable portion of my social media interactions could work as timestamps for when I've taken a shit
People keep asking me where I wanna be in 3 years. I don't have 2020 vision smfh
The best part about having a job, is the ability to look at something and say, "I want that!" Then actually buying it.
Subway's $5 footlong advertisement worked too well. Now that I see footlongs for $6, I just think it's a ripoff
My kitchen appliances are like little beeping narcs whenever I try to sneak food in the middle of the night.
If you’re no longer covered by your parent’s health insurance, your manufacturer’s warranty is over.
Why is the outside of my sleep mask black? I only need the inside to be black. The outside should be neon so I can find the damn thing when it's bedtime.
If life is a game, then videogames are actually all minigames
Before the invention of the mirror, no one would have been able to see their own asshole
Why do we put the uncomfortable stitching on the inside of our clothes?
Everytime I buy light bulbs I get upset about how expensive they are until I stop taking for granted what they do for me.
Every time I replay a video game from my childhood, I'm surprised at how different the graphics actually look compared to what I remember them to look like.
I love the Jeopardy Teen Tournament. For a short time I can pretend I'm as smart as the contestants on regular Jeopardy.
If I eat half of one pint of ice cream and half of a pint of a different flavor of ice cream, I feel far less guilty than when I eat one whole pint of one flavor of ice cream.
Sometimes I'd rather be ignorant to the world around me instead of always having to worry about how humanity is so close to destroying themselves
The first person to open up an onion must have really freaked out.
Bats fly through the power of jazz hands
Some people don't understand the difference between being optimistic and living in denial.
Shipping Companies Make You Insure the Service You're Already Paying Them to Do.
If you're over 30, you were alive before every dog in the world.
When someone does something to “trick their brain”, isn’t that their brain trying to trick itself?
Maybe they should just start a new sub for footage of Deadpool 2 filming in Vancouver.
In my dogs eyes, im literally a turd burglar. Every time he poops he sees me bag it up.
After the waiter takes my order at a restaurant, I become the waiter.
Glacier National Park will have to be renamed "National Park" pretty soon.
Toilet paper companies are the only companies that would be happy if you said you would wipe your ass with their product.
I wonder if I would pass the Turing test
Fire trucks are actually water trucks.
I rarely think about space because I just can't possibly comprehend it's vastness
A single fallen hair suddenly becomes disgusting while lots of them on someone's head are normal/beautiful.
There must have been a period where cars were on the bleeding edge of new tech, and the guys who were into them were considered nerds.
I didn't exist in your world until you read this sentence.
I believe that naming your child after yourself is the most arrogant thing you can do, yet having a grandchild named after you is the best compliment you can receive.
My phone shuffles songs as badly as I shuffle cards
Nobody ever complains that Mars is flat.
Every day I feel totally incompetent at work, and like I don't know what I'm doing. Every day I get the job done and don't get fired.
I feel the need to thank my printer whenever it works properly because it happens so rarely.
What if we’re the timeline a time-traveler returns to after averting a nuclear end to the Cold War only to realize they've made a horrible mistake...
Isn't salsa just really thick tomato soup with extra veggies?
The advent of cell phones has made it really easy for secret agents to talk into their wrists without getting noticed.
As a man the most nerve racking aspect of greeting another man is deciphering the fancy handshake they use.
Posting on social media is basically just reminding others that you still exist
I wonder if I've ever flown on an aircraft that later crashed due to mechanical failure.
Crashing your car at 60km/h while not wearing a seatbelt would exert the same amount of force on your body as belly-flopping directly onto a steering wheel from a height of 14 meters (e.g. a fourth floor window)
When I was a kid I couldn't wait for all the stuff I could do as an adult. Now that I'm an adult I wish I could do all of the stuff I could do as a kid.
People who think that there has been no good, creative music written since [insert decade] are ironically the ones who have lost their creative edge.
I really wish that Pandora showed how many skips you had left so that I could make more informed decisions.
I bet Superman said this to himself more than once: "Dammit i really need some pockets!"
I have been using a favorite song as my wake up alarm tone, and now when I hear it at other times, I have a harsh negative reaction.
If I was immortal, I would probably just become a massive procrastinator.
If phones vibrated for 2 or 3 seconds before ringing we would avoid a lot of embarrassing situations or interruptions
100 years from now, Email usernames will have to be extremely complicated to be unique.
The Titanic sunk a long time ago and its swimming pools are still full.
Most of the time I don't believe in ghosts. It isn't until I see my cat jerk it's head and look intently at a spot where there is clearly nothing that I start to worry.
I don't argue because I honestly don't give a fuck what you think.
School would better prepare its students for real life if tests included questions that were impossible to solve, in order to test a student's capacity to figure out what situations are outside their power and a total waste of time to mull over
Why do our cars have automated windows and doors, while our houses don't?
You fuck up with your family the most, because it's the safest place to practice.
It's easier to find out what girls look like from pictures their friends post than the ones they post.
When I leave a store without buying something I force myself to act natural so they don't think I stole anything
I feel like Kim Jong-un is that angry kid in grade school who just needs a hug.
If we could send messages using our mind would the person getting the message hear their voice or the sender's voice?
When you see an empty food wrapper on the road, the road is worse for the environment than the wrapper.
Now that people prefer to text over calling each other, we literally have to learn how to read people.
What would be awesome is a painting of Dwayne Johnson pushing Sisyphus up a hill.
If you leave the volume on an uneven number then our friendship won't last
Once you realize you've read a spoiler, it's too late.
How much water do we lose per year from people throwing away half empty bottles that'll never go back into a normal water flow because they're trapped in plastic forever?
With phones common place among kids at school, passing notes to classmates is redundant
Tesla’s should have a big speaker underneath that makes them sound like the jetsons car as it goes by
Why dont we just dump all our trash into volcanoes?
When I was a kid I thought my friend was rich because his parents got him a subscription to Nintendo Power. That was my childhood measurement of wealth.
Home is where the internet is
There's going to be a few poor souls that practiced their sweet fidget spinner moves all summer only to go back to school to get a harsh lesson in fads/trends.
The phrase 'Fuck bitches, get money' could just be seen as male prostitution.
The phrase "As heavy as a ton of bricks" is needlessly specific, since a ton of anything would weigh exactly the same amount.
Celebrities beg for followers constantly but complain when people stalk them.
When people ask me a question, i say "What?" just to get more time to figure out my answer.
Driving through puddles is the adult equivalent of splashing in puddles as a child.
The two countries which have both nukes and leaders crazy enough to use them are mortal enemys. What luck…
I wonder if cavemen adored their spear as I adore my smartphone.
I always say I'm gonna eat healthy when I'm full or not hungry.
Fall damage in video games teaches children a healthy respect for gravity safely.
There are dozens of singers who I can recognize immediately in a song, but I have never heard their normal speaking voice.
I would not use a towel from a thrift store even after washing it but I have no problem with towels in hotels.
Sympathy is feeling sorry for someone. Empathy is feeling for someone.
100% of my computer tech support for my family is retrieving forgotten passwords.
The worst thing about the internet will be when it informs us of incoming nuclear missiles with the maximum amount of time to think about how you're about to die
I just realized when an interracial couple 69s, it looks like a Yin Yang symbol.
Comedians in the year 2060 will have great material from our silly generation
I balk at paying more than $10 for a craft beer 6-pack, but I'm pumped to find a bar with $3 beers at happy hour
Maybe the drivers in my neighboring state aren't terrible. Maybe I'm uncomfortable in unfamiliar territory and everything seems more intense because of it. Maybe I'm the asshole.
Adulthood is just a tedious exercise in self-parenting.
Sometimes it takes a tourist taking a picture of something interesting in my city for me to notice it for the first time.
Ignoring the spread of disease and hunger, traditional mid-speed zombies would be at a considerable disadvantage during medieval times. Armor, melee weapons, trained swordsmen/archers, impregnable fortresses...
I love finding that one chip in the bag that has way more flavour seasoning on it than the rest
I wish that there was a socially acceptable way of declining invitations, instead of making up lame excuses.
When we talk to ourselves, we do it silently but still make the facial expressions.
Technically omnivores don't have a dilemma because they can eat whatever they want
I will unconditionally love a complete stranger whose blinker is on sync with mine.
I see strangers who remind me of other people I know. Do other people see me and think I remind them of someone they know?
Opening a tab on Chrome and forgetting what you wanted to search for is the millennial equivalent of walking into a room and forgetting why.
I wonder how many times I've seen people right before they commit a crime.
Dr. Huxtable was a GYN examining patients in his basement, why didn't we see Bill Cosby coming?
When you fall you are sinking in air
If I acted like my childhood role models ( Tommy Pickles, Doug Funny, Arnold Shortman) I'd be a lot happier.
Do you think that eventually you could pass down to your kids, or auction off unique usernames to people?
I'm more likely to look at something if you tell me not to, than if you actually asked me to look at it.
Since we have commercials with MC Hammer and Ice T now, in 15 years we going to people like Soulja Boy and Chief Keef in those same commercials.
Why don't they make snack size bags of tortilla chips?
If one really did get hiccups whenever somebody remembers or thinks about them, it would suck to be a celebrity.
Movie trailers come before movies but truck trailers come after trucks.
I wonder if people with lisps think in a lisp or a normal voice
If sounds are vibrations, then even if you have the volume up on your phone, it's on vibrate.
The lives of spiders and moths must have been much different before man invented artificial light sources.
I wish I had a device in my car to make the cars in front of me speed up as efficiently as my blinkers work at making the cars behind me go faster
If you interrupt a person while they are saying "you haven't heard the last of m-" then they are still right.
I don't get how asking others what they do for a living is our most common ice-breaker when the majority of people hate their jobs.
If i take a piss in the woods and dont wash my hands, no one would care. But if i took a piss in someone's house and didn't wash my hands, they would go crazy.
I can not write past the right margin on a piece of notebook paper.
There are few things more majestic than switching lanes on the highway when a driver needs to be in your lane and you in their lane.
Every time you leave the house your dog thinks you're going on a walk without them
I would love to race around a large empty mall at night, in Go Karts with friends.
We're eventually going to subscribed 20-30 video streaming services bundled in one convenient online package, today's equivalent of your Basic TV Channel package
In the English language the pronunciations and meanings of 1 - 3 and 1, 2, 3 are the same.
I wish I as an adult could be as motivated about important things as little kids are about winning games where there is no official winner and no special prize for winning
Why does it feel better when someone else scratches your itch?
Maybe nice guys finish last because they help everyone before they help themselves
When I was a kid I use to think I had superpowers because I could hear when TV's would turn on.
A person on the phone having a loud conversation is way more annoying than two people having an in-person conversation of the same volume, for some reason.
No matter how many times I have to pull a box out of the garbage to read cooking directions, it will never be enough to remember not to throw it away over and over.
You can tell how much someone cares about themselves by how long they stay in the bathroom when someone else needs to use it.
Between future, present, and past. We focus on present the most despite it only ever existing for a moment.
When vampires have sex, is it Necrophilia?
I will never drink warm or room temperature water. But I'll put someone's genitals in my mouth
Although the Moebius strip has a mathematically infinite surface area, the actual surface area is finite and can be filled completely.
Tetris taught us that problems accumulate while achievements disappear, Snake teaches that doesn't matter how good you are, you will fail.
A good indicator of how well I'm eating in any given week is whether I'm running the dishwasher because it's full or because I ran out of silverware.
Blind people will never be able to see Daredevil.
Spoons are 100% more likely to be dropped in the kitchen at night when everyone else in the house is sleeping.
Gordon Ramsay got rich off of cooking and being a dick. I do both of those things every day.
There are two voices in your head while reading. There is the one that is reading the actual text, then there is a stream of consciousness that is imagining the scene. When you read a page and have no idea what you read, you are only listening to your first.
What if when we die, the light at the end of the tunnel is just us being pushed out of another vagina?
If you drink half of a 5 Hour Energy, do you get the full energy boost for 2.5 hours, or half the energy boost for the full five hours?
People whisper because they don't want others to hear what they're saying, but hearing people whisper tends to grab others' attention.
Worldwide, the taboo of tobacco and marijuana are switching roles.
The more I learn, the more I realize that I do not know.
Life is like solitaire: easy to make some progress at, rarely won, and these days mostly done sitting at a computer.
It must be really bright inside a black hole because of all the photons that are trapped there.
Mucus when you have a cold is just the equivalent of pus in an infected wound
Sometimes I wonder if people live for the moment or live for capturing the moment.
I think soup might technically be a tasty beverage.
Bees are the ultimate assholes. They'll kill themselves just to hurt you only a little bit.
Phone chargers now fill the same social niche as cigarettes in their heyday.
You get wiser when you admit you're not wise, although that's a wise thing to say
When I find a song I like I just end up hating it because I play it over and over again.
I'm pretty confident I'm going to wake up in the middle of the night to a nuclear bomb explosion
If you play super Mario backwards it's about a short dude who dumps a girl in a castle and then runs really fucking far away from her
Someday, someone is going to use an iPad primarily as a nightlight.
The golden rule says treat others as you want to be treated, but it seems more fitting to treat others how they want to be treated.
The upcoming eclipse will probably be the first one captured with 360° cameras.
Game of Thrones is just a gritty reboot of How to Train Your Dragon.
The two groups who are most careful with their possessions are the very rich and the very poor.
When your friends make a joke about your masturbation habits, it's normally pretty funny. But when your parents make a joke about you masturbation habits, it's an insult and shouldn't have been said.
Why were we looking for Carmen San Diego?
The phrase "the funny thing is" is almost never used to describe something funny, but rather interesting
Why does german people use smileys like ":)" and ":o" when they can use "Ü" and "Ö"?
2 in base-10 is 10 in base-2
When the dog watches me urinate, it probably thinks I'm wasting all the marking fluid in one thing.
I'm happy I was young at a time before smart phones and you tube weren't invented. So nobody could get a video of me doing something regretful and post it on the internet!
I use IMDB's parent's guide before showing stuff to my parents instead of the other way around.
Only introverts can understand each other, but they still wouldn't hang out.
I'll always check to see if the table or whatever I'm building is level, but I've never checked to make sure the floor it's standing on is level.
I'm plagued by childish insecurities but I don't tell anyone because I don't want to seem childish
Now that my married friends can no longer play the game, they treat my love life like their own fantasy sports team.
Ive noticed that as a female residing in a house of 3 males, the bottle of conditioner always runs out way faster than the bottle of shampoo.
brag about having a big dick, no one believes. joke about having a small dick, everyone believes.
If an online countdown article has a separate page for each item on their list, chances are I'm not going to read said article.
What if the earth and solar system are just a speck of dust on some other lifeforms's "earth".
If you are working out to lose weight and you buy workout clothes, you are paying for clothes to help you get smaller so that they won't fit you soon.
My office job experience would vastly improve if I could write "dude" in my emails.
How weird is it that when you were a baby you met a ton of people but you have no recollection of it?
Every movie/TV Show is set in a universe where the actors who play the characters don't exist
Before adding water you have ground coffee, after adding water it becomes coffee grounds.
Fish probably think we're aliens abducting them.
When you move into a new house someone moves into your old one, and someone else moves into their's. This creates a chain that most likely leads all the way back to the house you are moving into.
I'm more comfortable displaying affection in public for my dog than my boyfriend.
Vikings used to row across oceans
I wonder if Johnson's baby shampoo was ever tested on babies during production
We say "money can't buy happiness" even though the saddest people are the poorest.
Ironically, I'm more likely to click articles when they avoid clickbait tactics, such as omitting important information.
I'm beginning to associate eyepatches more with grizzled war vets than I am with pirates
We might be living in a time when a new generation will never have bought any music.
Nothing fills you more with instant dread than when one of your co-workers ringtones matches your alarm sound.
If scientist found a way to make humans live for 500 years would they share their knowledge or tell no one due to human population growth
People who fight over small things also have small goals in life
Apples are tastier when you cut them into slices.
When someone say he wants to be Batman because he's a billionaire with cool toys, he forgets he'll also be a very traumatized kid, witness of the murdering of his parents, lonely, the love of his life killed, and beaten up every night for criminals and lunatics who want him dead.
I honestly don't know if I'm using more or less toilet paper than average.
Nothing is on fire, fire is on things
I've destroyed more paperclips than I've used
Any random four card combination is as rare as four aces.
What was the origin story of cows? Where did they live and what did they do prior to being livestock?
Airbnb should be renamed Airb as there's never breakfast offered
There's so much comfort that comes from laying in a warm bed, but when you sit on a warm toilet seat all of sudden it's a different ball game.
I keep expecting the foreign cashier to get the change wrong... But why would they? Numbers are universal.
I’m just gonna date myself from now on. No awkward conversations, costs half as much, I can do whatever the hell I want… and it doesn't take much to convince me to put out.
Do dark skinned people have darker coloured skin flakes?
The only thing that's impossible to imagine is a colour that doesn't exist
Cough syrup is the first step towards a general healing potion.
Gum is basically the human version of a chew toy
The ability to read and write is basically telepathy: you can transmit thoughts to other people's brains and vice versa
Our planet would make more efficient use of space if Antarctica were in the middle of the Pacific.
Conditioner is just lotion for your hair.
Every mirror is technically a rear view mirror.
Dwayne The Rock Johnson, was a famous actor before he starred in films. He starred in The WWE which made him a great actor.
At some point everyone stops growing and starts dying.
high end art auctions are like crypto currencies for the elite
I wonder why no one decided to domesticate bears. We could have had so many different breeds of bears and it would have been so cool.
I can't wait till there's a clothes streaming service so I never have to do laundry again.
I wonder if someone from every time zone was to get on the phone all at the same time with each other, to confirm the time to check if the world clock is running correct.
Expressions like "he's such a bro" are a huge compliment to your actual brother if you have one.
Why do I own clothes that aren't pajamas?
Physical fitness starts in the kitchen
Was the world really safer "back in the day" or are we just more connected and aware of the danger.
YouTubers should hire an extra person to act as a mobile camera in the games they play.
Multivitamins are probably one of my top five favorite drugs.
Pretty sure we're stuck in a loop since on the 72nd anniversary of the atomic bombings of Japan and we're on the verge of nuclear war
Letters in the alphabet are either referred to as "A" or "An" but aren't always exclusively consonants or vowels
Paper plates are super wasteful, until you buy them and then it becomes wasteful to NOT use them
Being a millennial I think Elvis Presley Impersonators look more like "Elvis" than Elvis did.
The only button I never need to push on my router is the most difficult to access
Highschool me would be appalled at the amount of times i've chosen videogames over sex.
The people who determine the safe amount of animal waste and hair allowed in food come from probably one of three camps: Those who supply most of their own food, super logical people, or people paid off by corporations.
More people have walked upon the moon than people who have ran around the world.
I would rather pay eight dollars for an item and get free shipping than pay five dollars for the same item and three dollars shipping, even though it's the same amount of money.
Someone should create a band where they scratch their dogs spots that play instruments off of their shaking legs
How come an eclipse that blocks light of the sun could burn your eyes worse than just staring at the sun normally?
I spend a shocking account of time waiting to be in the mood to do stuff I hate doing and will never be in the mood to do.
The idea of not judging a book by its cover makes me think that movies shouldn't make trailers and previews.
In the future, there will be so many SVOD services that eventually if you subscribe to all of them, your bills will total the amount of your cable bill
I'm old enough now that I can recall memories of my parents at this same age.
I've had several meaningful friendships come and go, I love my family and I try to give people the benefit of the doubt. That being said, I can't think of a single human being I know personally who has more good qualities than bad ones.
Signs for tree removal services are basically tombstones for trees
One of the best things about going to Costco is being able to ride in the shopping cart, unless if you are the one pushing the cart.
You always smell your nose, taste your mouth, etc. All the while, you don't even notice because these sensations are so normal that they seem as if they were nothing.
I wonder why the Latino man who runs my local pizzeria never gets accused of cultural appropriation
As an adult when leaving shoe laces untied my worry isn't tripping over them, my worry is people will think I'm sloppy and unprofessional.
As a horny teenager I'd watch women's sports and not find the athletes that attractive.
The perfumes and colognes that we consider "old people smells" were considered fashionable and youthful long ago. In 60 years, smelling like cotton candy and vanilla will be considered "old person" smell
I care more about earning karma but not how much karma I actually have.
Eating lunch outside at work is better than the lunchroom because you can brush crumbs from your lap to the ground and no one glances at you sideways 👍
I just realized that this worlds needs Dolph Lundgren as a Sith lord; Dolph Vader.
Options to eat chick fil a include waiting in a double line for 20 minutes or fighting for a parking spot.
Walking is just leaning forwards and letting your legs catch you.
Why are the most fragile items in the snack machine, always on the top two shelves?
Alaska and Hawaii miss out on a lot of offers and discounts.
Sex toys in The Flintstones is basically just beastiality
In the future "grow on trees" might be an idiom for scarcity the same way "doesn't grow on trees" is now
If you give a panhandler a guitar, they become a street performer.
Whenever I laugh around family they assume I'm thinking of something dirty, whenever I hold a straight face they assume something's wrong with me.
I always thought waking up early for work in the morning over the last 11 years would get easier over time but it doesn't.
With all the media and merchandise that Disney owns and produces, they're on-track to become "Buy n Large" before too much longer.
CGI took the whole "how did they do it" aspect out of movies, which was a big part of movie magic for pre-CGI days
W is the only letter that has more than one syllable.
If human males grew large antlers once a year, our houses would be build much differently.
If everyone is a future leader, who are we leading?
Flying is actually swimming through the air.. I will never look at birds the same
For procrastinators, the easiest task can often be the hardest to complete.
I wouldn't mind sharing some blood with mosquitoes if they didn't wake me up for it.
I wonder if I've ever seen the same pigeon twice?
You're probably the single person that everyone has seen naked when you're around your parents and significant other.
The abstract of a paper is simply the TL;DR section.
Doing good deeds wanting nothing in return is my real-life version of karma-whoring...
Technology has progressed to the point where we have little mini pornography machines in our pockets at all times.
The fly swatter I threw at a tiny spider is the equivalent of a Sequoia being thrown at us
Whenever I hear "you can get all your questions answered online" in a phone menu, all I hear is "We really don't want to talk to you."
Taco Bell is probably the best laxative.
We can send a man to the moon, but we cannot manufacture a roll of toilet paper that breaks apart neatly as needed.
At my old job, nothing I did mattered enough to be acknowledged until I did it badly enough to get criticized.
Essays on poems are basically fan theories
I'm more scared of rinsing water directly onto my eyeball than I am of getting harmful chemicals on it.
Do people really not realize I can't hear them when I'm wearing my big earmuff style headphones
You know you're bored when all the links in your frontpage are marked as visited.
Do pro-life people eat chicken eggs?
if camera lenses are round how do the photos come out as a square
Fast food restaurants should put food ordering kiosks outside a few yards from the store, so you can order outside and by the time you go inside your food would be ready
Fly paper on the front of a car would be a very lazy way for a museum to expand its insect collection.
I wish I was as motivated to get out of bed in the morning as I am to stay out of it at night.
When people state that "experts say..." I automatically wonder who theyre referring to and if i would consider them an expert or not.
Do cats keep track of how many lives they have left?
Do people read my texts in the same tone that i thought of in my head when I wrote it?
If we all die in the end then why bother make progress and reproduce so more and more generations would die and suffer
If an alien came into my home and I kill it, what would be the repercussions?
What if this world is a prison, and the only way to get out is to die.
Mountain lions would probably be more interesting to me if they weren't indigenous to where I live
I cant remember what i was thinking of earlier for this sub. It was good, though.
The salt on the wound for an insomniac is that we invest the same amount of time in bed but get none of the benefits of cell regeneration that occurs for a person who quickly falls asleep.
Game of Thrones has made me realize how happy I am that our years and seasons coincide
Juggalo face paint﻿ is a great way of saying "let's never hang out" without straining your voice
What if we are living in an alternate Terry Pratchett universe where reality is distorted through Terry's satire lens... and that's why everything in the news is so hilariously disturbing lately.
Is the ultimate commitment to a new relationship agreeing to combine your Lego?
I know for an absolute fact that I am the greatest person on the planet at doing impressions of me.
I wish North Korea would just attack so we can get it over with
Nothing is "falling down", things just get pulled towards the Earth's core
Video games have led me to believe that gas station fuel pumps explode if a car were to run into one
I love the sound/feeling of cracking my bones, but when someone else cracks their bones it sickens me.
The fact that my crush was dating someone else didn't matter much until I get older.
After hearing about body integrity identity disorder
How can I surprise myself in my own dreams?
Goats must think that out of all animals, they are the Greatest Of All Time.
I wonder how many internet memes are steganography by people engaged in clandestine activities.
When adults and their kids live together in a tiny house, do the parents just stop having sex altogether?
Genetics are like character customization sliders in video games
Can somebody please invent resealable graham cracker packaging?
We hold up one finger to celebrate, another to hitchhike, another to curse someone and yet another in drinking fancy beverages. But we never lift our ring fingers by themselves.
During sex, a nice guy is one who finishes last
Ever stop and wonder about how when we are eating ice cream cats probably think we are grooming it.
"Okay, Google" May be the hardest phrase to say while drunk.
For a long time I repeatedly misheard a line in the song Bad Romance as "want you in Morrowind, oh baby it's sick". I just assumed Lady Gaga was a TES fan.
The only thing my left hand is better at than my right, is swabbing my left ear. But it is way worse at going into the right.
We're probably living in the best era, but there's still so much to do, and a lot of us isn't doing anything.
If you're poor, you dress poor. If you have an income close to average, you dress normally. If you're filthy rich, you dress poor again, but spend way more money doing it.
The first time I actually liked a water level in a video game was in Super Mario Galaxy
Please don't tell me the story if I "had to have been there" to enjoy it.
"I need some fresh air" is constantly said in television, but I've never heard it said in real life.
I wonder which will be popularised first; intergalactic travel or toilets which don't sound like fucking tsunamis.
They should change it from "Real People. Not Actors." to "Regular People. Not Actors."
Linus Tech Tips is to Computers as Top Gear is to Cars
Pop radio stations seem to broadcast at louder volumes than oldies stations do. Seems it should be the other way around.
In the age of pirating and torrenting I think it's a big compliment for a movie/series if you say: "This is so good I would even pay for this."
Gardeners must seem like Chefs to herbivorous animals.
Dennis Rodman must have beat Kim Jong Un in a game of one-on-one.
If her birth year starts with '0 shes probably too young for you or definitely too old for you
Does the ISS have a WiFi password?
everything we drink is flavored water
If a day can get worse then it had at least some good to begin with.
Muffins are just cupcakes without frosting. Alternatively, cupcakes are just sub-par muffins with frosting to make up for it.
I'd bet the person who invented the first touch screen regularly got scolded as a kid for touching screens. *You'll see! One day I'm going to make a screen you literally have to touch to use you non-screen touching fools!*
COD players actively shun those without headsets and play with those who do, just to start playing and not speak afterwards.
The first webpage ever made was in 1989 and it still exists
Closed down gas stations are a sad reminder of how cheap gas used to be.
If a T-Rex were alive today I would pay to see it but probably not before someone paid to kill it.
If someone were to invent a drug that temporarily puts people back into the wondrous state of mind that children have, they'd likely become incredibly wealthy pretty much overnight
If a human can act like a robot, it looks awesome. If a robot can act like a human, it looks terrifying.
Going on tinder when you're horny is just like going food shopping when you're hungry
My dog probably thinks he has mind control over my car because anytime he looks out the passenger window longingly, I roll it down for him.
To me, the differences between left-wing and right-wing thinking boil down to 'selflessness vs selfishness' much more than anything else
How can porcelaine be considered to be fancy, while at the same time we literally defecate on/in it?
They should change the 'Last' button on tv remotes to a 'queue' button so I can cycle through three channels.
My gait has been subconsciously influenced by years' worth of video game character animations.
Twins literally have to wait in line to be born.
What if doomsday predictions never come true because the predictions allowed us to prevent them from happening
Realised that one day there will be an intelligence so much smarter than humanity, that our best achievements would be comparable to what we think of knowing a caveman making fire was the best of humanities achievements at that time.
I have an ear that can hear, but I don't have a nose that can hnose.
Walmart tried to trademark the universal symbol of happiness, the smiley face and failed. Amazon is their biggest competitor and their logo is the smuggest smirk.
You could earn $1/second for a millennium and not be as rich as Mark Zuckerberg. That's $3600 /hour, or $86,400/day. For 2000+ years.
It is more expensive for me to remove all products with sugar from my diet, than it would be to add more products with sugar to my diet.
I love how Ed Harris has made the transition from "Handsome Leading Man" To "Creepiest guy you can possibly cast in a movie" , almost effortlessly.
Naming animals after other animals seems a bit lazy.
If you really think about it... A bird flying an aeroplane would be the same as a human driving a car.
If I don't bother bees and still get stung Is it because they (the bees) want to die that day ?
Our parents once put us down never to pick us back up
It took me a long time to figure out that Sia's songs weren't sung by Rihanna
When something says it is made from "all-natural ingredients," fossil fuels are not out of the picture.
If I ever do something so heroic that it could take my life. I really hope that there's a can of chrome spray paint nearby.
To blind people, altering your voice is like wearing a mask
I wonder if I'm the only person that finds everyone else annoying, even my closest friends.
They should translate air quality warnings into tangible terms, like the equivalent to how many cigarettes you're smoking by just being outside per hour
Drinking coffee with creamer is like taking a shot with chase
Does anyone else's finger fit perfectly into their nose? Or is it just me?
First place ribbons must be one of the hardest products to sell
Saying "Give her her book back" makes sense but saying "Give him him book back" makes no sense.
What did people smell like before deodorant and shampoo? Did people think the first person to use shampoo and deodorant was weird?
I wish Chipotle had half-burrito bowls as a menu option
If movie and tv show companies want to curve piracy, they should simply flood everything with files that look like the real show, but with spoilers shouted in the middle.
A wedding ring is basically just a signing bonus.
Is a phobia to google your phobia even a phobia?
Do pets from different countries have difficulty communicating with each other?
If authorities just blocked wifi in public restrooms, the lines would be significantly shorter
Being up for something is the same as being down for something
The prosperity of western civilization over the last 200 years has been predicated on the saying, "Work smarter, not harder".
The adult in me understands the concept of photosynthesis and Law of Conservation of Mass, but the kid in me is like "There wasn't a tree here before, now there is. Matter created!!"
Why is it that coffee smells amazing, but gives you horrible breath?
Fidget spinners in 2017 disappeared faster than PokemonGo in 2016
A pregnant mother becomes a human submarine to her child when she goes swimming.
In the TV and film world, couples/marriage counseling never works.
Why is a bulldog featured on the can of Mug root beer, instead of a Pug?
When celebrities use a dating app/website they probably won't get that many matches because people wouldn't believe it's actually them
If humans were pets for a superior alien species, they might discover that we laugh when tickled, think we like it, and tickle us all the time. The horror.
Men always think they're the one that women don't fake orgasms with.
"I wanna eat you" sounds cute but "I want to kill you" is a threat, even though cannibalism is generally considered more horrific than murder.
Why is it when we say "Hair" we refer to our whole head, but when we say "Hairs" when referring to a few
Can't understand how many rich people are able to be fit and in shape. I wouldn't be.
There might be someone who reads this who dies today. (I hope it's not you)
Is Earth constantly being rained upon, or has there been an instance where rain has occurred nowhere on Earth?
A short loin cut of bison meat is a Buffalo NY strip.
What if we greeted humans how we greeted dogs; by shoving our hands in front of their mouth?
Doxxing is the modern day equivalent of tar and feathers.
I've been contradicting myself this whole time living a healthy lifestyle with depression. Do I want to live long or not
Imagine what life would be like if our skin wasn't waterproof
Calling a vehicle with Auto-Drive a "Driver-less Car" is like calling a car a "Horseless Carriage."
You used to always have to fiddle with your TV antenna to get good reception, now you always have to fiddle with your modem and router.
Lets get a team of neon morph suits wearing people and break into a newsroom and jump the news man, no one will know what struck!
I work in a coffee shop, so my first shit of the day is ALWAYS at work
When I was younger I thought the only songs that existed were the ones I heard on the radio.
Why isn't coffee made in sachets like tea is? Wouldn't it make it easier to use and be as good as french press coffee?
Lies are like Morphine, truth is like Betadine
Any vehicle Batman is in becomes a Batmobile
We drive to the gym just to walk on the treadmill
If you want to conquer N Korea, all you have to do is put up a satellite w internet and drop a bunch of wifi codes and iphones into the country.
We rely on more than 1/5 of our atmosphere being oxygen, yet need plants just as much, who rely on a chemical that composes less than 1/100 of the atmosphere.
You're basically a human submarine if you go swimming while being pregnant...
I don't think I'll ever again hit the heights of the day I correctly guessed the weight of my luggage at the check in belt.
If money actually grew on trees, nobody would ever cut down a tree.
At what point does a crack become a hole?
If NK decided to launch nuclear weapons... I would not hear if from the news...
The older I get the more I can fight off sleep, but the less I want to.
Do people with big butts sit more comfortably than the rest of the population?
When you get stitches, you're trying to close one larger hole in your skin by poking multiple small holes around it with some thread and needle.
When a relationship breaks down why do we break up?
I think the perfect thing would be 25 years learning things, 25 years implementing those things, 25 years raising kids and shit, 25 years chilling out, then you are 100. Donno what you do after that.
Pillsbury containers are like a Jack in a box for adults
The more money you have, the better Healthcare you get; the more health problems you have, the less you earn. HUMAN LOGIC.
Both "uphill" and "downhill" can be considered bad things. If something is "uphill", it's a struggle, if somethings is "downhill", its getting worse.
It can never be Opposite Day because it it is, it isn't.
Some remote places of the world don't even know that snow exists, and that it can fall from the sky.
Two weeks notice for your job is to being honorably discharged in the military.
By a mere flip of perspective, the impressive distance of a billion miles can be reimagined as a single mile unimpressively repeating itself a billion times.
Is Seal short for Sea Lion?
Future babies will grow up used to the idea of being watched through a camera, as video baby monitors become the norm.
What if death is represented as something to be afraid of so we aren't too eager to die?
I wonder what would actually happen in any horror movie-like situation where someone scary or creepy approaches instead of running away you just wait till they actually come face to face with you...
Just turned 20; if I become successful now it's not special anymore.
How is it as I get older it went from "Today I didn't even have to use my AK I gotta say, it was a good day" to "Today I didn't even have to use my Ben-Gay..."
I just realized my texts show up on the other side of your screen in our conversation
My anger at missing a green light is inversely related to the attractiveness of the pedestrians crossing the intersection
In 50 years Dennis Rodman might very well be on a $500.00 bill.
Whenever I hug somebody my head always goes to my left.
Working as a toll booth agent is the perfect side job for a [pot/drug] dealer
I have to come closer to see things clearly without my glasses but I have to back up to see things clearly on my monitor
For some reason I always trust the first comment a lot more than the actual post itself
Dwight Shrute and Ron Swanson could possibly have an interesting friendship. Then again, they might hate each other.
C-3PO and R2-D2 should be the focus of a buddy cop style Star Wars stand-alone.
When you drink alcohol you are just borrowing happyness from tommorow!
The reason humans collect internet points is the same as why dogs pee on everything: to claim their territory.
Checking your Venmo account for cash is the modern day looking under your cushions for change.
how come I never crave carrots and celery?
I don't remember even knowing if Maddie lived in the Tipton or not.
Life is the byproduct of irony; hilarious, relentless irony.
If the shape of the universe is toroidal, it is basically an everything bagel
The next streaming company will be a service that combines subscriptions from every other service in one place for one price.
I'd Kim Jong Un dies of Type 2 Diabetes, he will probably be the first person to do so in North Korea.
Every book you’ve read is just a different combination of 26 letters.
I wonder when will HBO and Fox show the same movie at the same time
Wish all people in Sichuan province are luck and safe. In China, this area is frequently struck by earthquakes! [hope luck]
Panic Buttons and Alarms are often used when you should try to remain calm
When I see a review out of 5 or 10 stars, I don't actually count how many stars it has, but rather how many stars are missing from a perfect score a quickly subtract
Why is it everyone I know can hum the "I Dream of Jeanie" theme song, but NO ONE can hum the "Bewitched" theme?
sport video games are just games of games
When a customer complains, almost every time they had initially came into the store with a crap attitude. Coincidence? I think not.
The characters of some shows will accomplish more in one day, than you will in your entire life.
In Cards Against Humanity, the 'Grandma' card can fit with virtually every black card available.
Some hours of the day are neither early nor late.
Maybe there is some reason Zen doesn’t have a strict step-by-step procedural path, and rely heavily on “small nudges” like haiku. Maybe it’s design is to resurface your own inherent version of happiness and clarity. When you describe too much, less people fit those descriptions.
All people do is wait, yet some of us still aren't good at it.
A polygamist king has a huge advantage in chess
People have always said that changing history is never good and will create a bad timeline/future but what if our timeline is the result of someone messing with history?
If someone is driving terrible and has an advertisement plastered on their car, I will not be interested in their product/service.
When you're drunk, taking a piss is nearly better than sex.
Everything I ever did, all decisions lead to me sitting at the computer writing this.
Shouldn't they start calling pre-k just j?
Windows are so deceiving because they make it seem like it's much nicer out than it really is
My playlist is played so often that I immediately expect a certain song to play right after. If I hear a song on the radio and they don't play that certain song after, it becomes an earworm to torment me.
Banks don't want to be regulated but they have no problem regulating my deposited check with a 7 day hold for no reason.
Toy Superheroes need toy vehicles to travel because as action figures they have no real superpowers.
What if N. Korea is actually like Atlantis, and the rest of the world is spreading propaganda to keep its people from wanting more, instead of the other way around?
If you were offered the opportunity to be guaranteed to live to 75 but then you would die, would you take it? Or would you risk illness, accident, murder, etc and hope to live longer than 75?
A diacovery is only truly revolutionary if it becomes obvious a couple of generations down the line.
In The Office, if Pam only liked Jim as a friend then Jim would be really creepy.
What happens if you accidentally get Loctite onto the threads of the Loctite tube?
The hospital I went to was a multi-million dollar facility, but it didn't have mouse pads.
if we cloned humans, would they have rights?
Why is it that 3rd degree burn are horrible but 1st degree murder is the worst not 3rd degree
It took 17 years for the term "Millennial" to become a modern term.
Airlines from English-speaking countries only have to do safety demos and other announcements only once.
I think the real threat is that they *both* have miniaturized warheads
There are stars on show even in the daytime, it's just that the sun blinds us to their presence.
My biggest fear is that Millenials will end up just like the generations before us.
If two blind people are dating... Are they technically seeing each other?
I think Maui wants a thank you for making coconut for you sickos
I wonder if I've eaten 2 eggs from the same line of chickens.
When you realize that you consciousness could be destroyed every time you sleep and replace with a new one
I've never turned a stovetop burner up to 9, ever.
Sometimes when i get spooked by birds I think to myself "Damn dinosaurs". But when humans do it I don't think "damn apes".
We are taught eating your snot is disgusting, but you eat your snot all day when you have a cold or just a runny nose.
If IKEA added written English instructions to their assembly guides, no one would be disadvantaged however hundreds of millions of people around the world would benefit.
As you get older, more advertisements become relevant.
We're not too far away from rating individuals on a five-star scale for friendship.
Maybe the reason the only thing that gets caught in our eyes is our own eyelashes is because they're doing their job and keeping everything else out.
To Spanish speakers, Tex-Mex is Teh-Meh.
I'm more concerned when I see an animal bleeding than I am with other humans
If you ever try clothes on at a store and return them do they have to be washed?
Bicyclists are to hikers on the trail what cars are to bicyclists on the road.
Either we’re alone in the universe or we aren’t. Either possibility is mind-boggling.
Lobster crustasian are bound by shackles of oppresssion
The silver lining to male pattern baldness is that it's symmetrical
IT Administrators will work tirelessly, even after-hours, to build automated solutions that they feel will allow them to be lazy later. They are best motivated to work hard by the promise of not having to work hard.
coffee is WD-40 for the mind and colon
You cannot be at the same location more than once.
I wonder if Wonder Woman uses a Wonderbra...
If they remade The Game of Life, there would be a coin flip to see if you stay married.
When a cat licks itself it is considered hygenic, but when a human licks itself it is gross, creepy, and unsanitary.
In case you had a bad day, just imagine that probably one of the mars colonist will regret his decision while sitting in the rocket already, knowing there's no return
The sign of a good chef is how clean they keep their chef coat. Mechanics not so much.
The way the world feels about crazy North Korea and their nukes is probably how the world felt about Big Boss and the Diamond Dogs.
If you blow a bubble in space will it pop?
I wonder what did founders of big pornsites like pornhub tell to their family when asked about what are they working with in their combany
For how common the phrase "know it like the back of my hand" is, I've never really paid attention to either side of my hand
Why do the toilet seats in women's bathrooms have the up and down feature?
Seeing a semi-truck without the trailer is like seeing a penis head without the shaft.
I applied to 100 jobs and got less than a 10 percent response rate. I wonder if I'll be more productive if I asked out 100 girls instead
If you think about it, CPR is technically Necromancy
If you think about it, quesedillas are the Hispanic versions of grilled cheese.
Maybe the moment of clear thought after orgasm is where the phrase "Sleep on it" came from. Couples making decisions would have sex before deciding.
How much of math could we have potentially figured out on our own had we not been required to learn it?
Asking a friend to say something on your behalf followed by them saying "so-and-so told me to tell you..." is the same as linking to the Imgur link instead of the Direct Link
I probably think that I'm better looking than I actually am.
Darth Maul must have wrecked his mom's birth canal.
"The black liquid that brings productivity, energy, and general happiness to humans" is an apt description for both coffee and oil.
Soap Operas are basically pornography without sex.
I wonder how many people have got ‘the cool S’ tattooed on them?
Fish lures are the fish version of "Jaws".
If you're ever worried that you're the only one on the road at night, turn on your high beams.
The onomatopoeic screaming sound effect "AARRRRGGH" makes a lot more sense in dialects that drop their "r" sounds.
I can tell how well I slept by what question I ask when I wake
It's never the same calender day everywhere in the world
The past, present, and future walked into a bar. It was tense.
The past tense of "LOL" isn't "LOLed" it's "LedOL"
Charcuterie boards are just expensive lunchables for adults.
As a part-time worker, if I am granted less than 40 hours, I likely wanna go home early or come in late some of the week's days. If I'm granted an exact 40 hours in a week, I likely wanna stay longer or come in earlier to do more than those 40 hours.
A solar eclipse is the celestial equivalent of the DVD screensaver bouncing in exactly the corner of the screen.
Your boner is just a bar graph showing how turned on you are.
Memes are just inside jokes that everyone is in on.
How did nobody ever mate the functionality of The Clapper to your standard flush toilet? I, for one, am all for the idea of a Crapper Clapper.
As a child my parents told me to not get into cars with strangers. As an adult, my parents suggest staying at a stranger's home while in a different city.
Emptying a bucket of water is really just filling it with air
I really should have pooped before getting in here.
If Helen Keller was blind and deaf how did she learn to speak?
I never thought much of Tuesdays until I realized that Tuesday is the hump day to hump day.
Driving a car is like a life or death version of coloring inside the lines
What would happen if every child grew up without a parents.
Eat all you can is a way more accurate description of an all you can eat special.
sleeping bags are essential socks for our body
Birthdays are the opposite of a funeral. You celebrate another year without dying. Similarly to those "x days since last injury" posters, but for your life.
the best-struck deals are when both parties feel like they got ripped off.
It's either I put too much soap, or not enough soap on the loofa. There's no in between.
If humanity just viewed escalators as fast steps the world would be a better place
A myth is a public dream, but a dream is a private myth
It will be very hard to know if an AI is really conscious or it's just acting like it is
Bananas brown quickly, but I've never noticed it happening
You can never spoil an episode to a north korean
Everything happens for a reason. Sometimes that reason is you're stupid and make bad decisions.
With the excessive use of CGI in most of the movies nowadays, there will come a time when movies won't even require humans everything would be computerized.
What if friends is just a really long documentary showing the different types of parenting. Standard birth, surrogate mother and adoption.
Doodle bob from spongebob is really just a cartoon version of a Tusken raider.
I wish the bots who would take over the world would think household appliances were their ancestors, because it'd be quite funny having museum dedicated to blenders and microwave ovens.
All Burritos are soft tacos but not all soft tacos are burritos...
I wonder what percentage of secrets are shared because the person keeping the secret ran out of things to talk about.
The thought of bathing in a tub of my own filth disgusts me. However, I have no problem sharing a hot tub with several people with potentially questionable personal hygiene.
Participation trophies are really just consolation prizes.
How come is it that I'm tired all day but once I need to go to bed I'm fully awake.
I wonder how many places I have visited for the last time
Life on other planets seem more plausible now that the toilet at work is growing green algae.
Whenever I am typing on my keyboard, I say to myself press enter after completing a paragraph, but it's actually the return key
Is the grass always greener on the other side because of the angle we look at it from the other side?
If different species are located on opposite sides of the earth, do they know about each other? For example, do lions know penguins exist?
I can't tell if I am patient or just lazy.
For all the jobs I've had and been offered, I've literally never been told "You're hired"
If you couldn't care less then you can only care more
Folk heroes like Paul Bunyan were the Chuck Norris of their day.
I'd be pretty hesitant about having my products placed in a Final Destination Movie.
You ever realize that you use Snapchat to take pictures and don't even use your camera app
Feeding people opinions is a lot like feeding wild animals. We become lazy and dependent on it and no longer do it for ourselves.
Someone should have told Samuel L Jackson to avoid the same eyewear as Ru-Paul
I wonder if Snoop Dogg loses much sleep, wishing he had come up with the idea for gmail?
It must be so much work, and be exhausting, to plan and execute a crime, hoping to not get caught. Goodness, use that time to read a book or do something else constructive and positive.
There's nothing louder in the world than the sound of yourself chewing with headphones in.
Moped is pretty a pretty fun noun and a pretty un-fun verb.
Metal is more expensive than paper, but a paper bill is worth more than a metal coin
The iPhone icon for the camera should be the iPhone.
Fake news is a kind of social media gossip. It used to be that reporters and editors tried to filter gossip from fact in that newsprint albatross that landed at your front step.
I don't have a strong opinion on what the worst song ever is, but I firmly believe that it was recorded some time between 1995 and 2000.
I wonder if I'm using the correct amount of shampoo every morning. I know when my hair is squeaky clean but what amount would be too much?
The time it takes for you to move at a traffic light that just turned green is the summation of all the drivers' response times ahead of you.
"Tasty" has good connotations, "smelly" has bad connotations, and "touchy/feely" has creepy connotations.
The 5 minutes after you hit snooze on an alarm in the morning seems like 5 seconds while the last 5 minutes running on a treadmill can seem like 5hours. What if there was a way to reverse this.
If it was easy, you'd be bored.
Has there been a day in the last 150 years where nothing news worthy happened?
At some point, you'll all be dead... every idiot or shitty boss. That gives me a lot of comfort.
Pasta sauce is just noodle dressing.
Technically, you ARE the centre of the universe...
Did I wash my hair already? Oh well better wash it again.
I pounce on every opportunity to say "penultimate".
What if every country has its own Ninjas, but we only know about the ones from Japan because they're doing their job so terribly wrong?
We've lost the ability to be comfortable with our own thoughts. It is very rare to not have an external device or influence directly affecting us.
Coldplay are the Affleck of music
"Saying cosmetics don't affect gameplay, so why do you care?" is like saying looks dont matter when it comes to sex
How does crossing ones fingers bring good luck, but also negates anything said while they are crossed?
The internet is like a four-way stop. Everyone there feels like they're surrounded by idiots.
Daily greetings seem just so pointless.
Putting in am effort into a relationship and loving someone doesn't guarantee they'll reciprocate.
I can run at the speed of an Olympic sprinter. Just depends what part of the race I'm measuring it at. Standstill/FASTFASTFAST/Victory lap slow jogging
Difference between death and sleep is one is temporary and the other is eternal
There's a lot more egg yolk than egg white in egg salad, but that math just doesn't add up.
World Leaders should each spend 30 days on the I.S.S., to gain some perspective.
Car headlights should have a small insert that lights red when a car brakes, so oncoming traffic can make better decisions (think roundabout)
You don't realize how many people do something against the law until you get reprimanded for it.
The older I get the more things I forget
I wonder how will we, the millenials, feel in 30 years after blaming our parents and babyboomers for destroying the environment and then coming to the realisation that we haven't done anything significant to pacify our lust for consumption
How do trees know to start growing roots?
We "shift gears" while driving to change speed, and we "steer" to change direction. However, we use both terms while speaking to change direction (not speed) of a conversation.
It's a dicey move to use "inward" in public speeches.
My office is bigger than the office of most billionaires. It's my living room.
Fast food is generally not good for fasting.
Whenever I hear someone online descriptively explain why they like something, I have an inclination to think they are fake and pretentious, because the only compliment I can think of is "good".
Masturbation helps me sleep while also delaying my sleep.
As a man who's only got daughters I'm breaking an almost 2.5 billion year bloodline of men who have at least one male descendant.
I like Bikes, but if not wearing seatbelts in the car is dangerous, how are Bikes even allowed.
When computer implants go mainstream, ransomware will hold your brain hostage
Whenever I walk outside and hear a bug it could be warning others of my presence and it slightly disturbs me
People who keep kosher will never know the joys of putting cheese on meat
Fighting hatred with more hatred is like pissing to stop a flood
Idea for a game: Skyscraper sized jenga, played with construction equipment.
Imagine being the first person to ever see a bear. The fear would be intense!
When I imagine how things were or what they were like.....anything pre 1940s is always black & white. Anything post 1940s is always in colour
Junk food and healthy food are analogous to Instant Release and Extended Release pills, respectively.
Is it a microagression to leave the toilet seat up in an all gender bathroom?
Why dont textbooks specify technical terms are unique to english?
The more posts I see with 10k plus karma, the more I don't want a post with 10k plus karma because nobody actually unclicks 'send replies to my inbox'.
When driving, you put an incredible amount of trust in other drivers.
I can buy a wireless mouse and keyboard for as much money as a water bottle on amazon.
If a computer AI program learned everything on the internet would it become smart or stupid?
Falling after jumping is essentially your body colliding with planet Earth.
If brain controls my thoughts, then what is happening when I have the thought to rebel my brain.
I was really looking forward to seeing Spiderman so I could see more of Tom Holland and his amazing body. After watching him play a fourteen year old for two hours I now feel dirty.
Some people might think that a subreddit implies a sandwich can be literate.
I've never wanted to buy a pack of cigarettes and smoke them all more so than while watching Peaky Blinders.
I complained about $15, but passport photos must've cost a fortune in like 1930.
Whoever came up with the proverb, "fall seven times, get up eight times" sucked at counting.
Kroger ClickList shopper employees are a real life manifestation of collecting things for NPCs in video game quests
Dogs are just furry tubes with a head and a butt
We should be trying to reduce the number of jobs needed for society to function properly so that humans have more time to do human things!
No son of a bitch actually is one
I've seen a ton of PSAs in my life about not looking directly at a solar eclipse, but I've never seen one about not looking directly at the sun.
A road could seem as smooth as butter... until you try to drink something without a straw in the car
I want to get a birthmark tatted on my face so I can get a regular job while still having a face tat.
When I buy a powerball ticket, even though I know that the odds of winning are astronomical, I still somehow convince myself I will win.
"Duck behind cover to avoid enemy fire" has to be an inside joke for game developers to fuck with players.
Gullible people are constantly benefiting/suffering from the placebo effect.
Resign and Re-sign have complete opposite meanings
Do you think you’ve seen every time
You know you're fat when that "Ken doll" V shape by your groin is made due to your protruding gut and not chizzled core.
Charles Dance will always be the best Game of Thrones actor.
There should be a setting on your phone to give you a notification whenever you find service.
Getting on Tinder before masturbating is like going to the grocery store hungry
Companies selling stock was just an early version of crowdfunding.
I wonder if fish are scared of eels like people are scared of snakes
If the Curiosity rover plays happy birthday on mars but no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?
We’re all born with a terminally ill condition.
I wish they made fun house mirrors in bathrooms so that I can laugh at my image instead of feeling ashamed of myself
I just realized that Adobe is partially responsible for all the Photoshoped images on the internet...
Not having Amazon Prime has taught me the patience of waiting 5-8 days for free delivery.
Urinating on a public toilet seat and not cleaning it up is the ultimate test of character. It's an untraceable crime that prioritises your mild inconvenience over a stranger's major inconvenience.
I'll never look at coconut water the same again
Bats that eat mosquitos are still partially vampire bats.
Does the Moon rotate on its axis like the Earth does ?
i don't understand how my father can sit down watching tv, and watch all of the adverts, every time i walk in room, it baffles me to see him just sitting there watching ads, you don't have to dad, all they are, are condescend pieces of marketing shit
We train our children like we train dogs. Do you want to go to Disneyland? (Treat) Then first you have to take a nap. (Trick)
So the guy who invented CPR died... do you think he was given CPR?
Numbers are the alphabet for math.
How many "time of their lives!" can people have?
The "Firetruck Game" is a rape based game.
The affinity chart from Xenoblade Chronicles would be really helpful in real life
I thought the OP's icon was a key all this time. Turns out it's actually a mic
Those magnets shaped like horseshoes would be a great way to cheat at Horseshoes.
Shoes are just a nice peice of earth we buy and choose to walk on becuase we dont like how the earth we are on at that moment feels
I wish I could swap places by teleportation with someone whose destination is my origin and whose origin is my destination
As a kid you'll get nothing faster than when it's a necessity to a gift you were given.
A window is like a painting on a wall that's constantly being replaced
Sometime in the last 200 years the saying "He looks like he hasn't missed a meal in years" changed from calling someone wealthy to calling someone fat
If a mass media outlet will tell me in the morning that the Sun rose yesterday in the West, I will look into the window _today_, see the Sun rising in the West and still won't believe that outlet
If you survive a car crash you're both very lucky and very unlucky.
Aren't apple watches just really fancy pagers?
When Archaeologists dig up ancient remains, why don't we consider it to be disrespectful to be removing dead bodies from their graves?
Is it okay to slap someone who says "far and few between"?
People who work from home everyday literally do homework for a living.
By the entrance of a large supermarket there should be a search machine that lets you search up what your trying to find and it tells you the aisle and the side of the aisle
Four leaf clovers are essentially the mutated or deformed individuals of the clover world yet we view them as a good luck charm
Instagram is about spamming your finger as fast as possible through the stories to get rid of all the purple rings
Are hackers the same for robots as witches were for humans?
1st episode pikachu would replace himself with a mimikyu if one crossed pikachus path.
Man with all the people in my life who "love to mow" i sure do get stuck mowing alot
What would you do if the world stopped sinning?
Game of Thrones could be making it socially acceptable for millennials to live in their "houses" with their families longer into adulthood.
Lots of pasta go to help mairine fish
Every time I hear famous piece classical music in movie or series, I feel this strange bond forming with the creators. Thank you.
Stealing a movie online is more like Robin Hood than a Pirate since we're not trying to profit off the stolen goods of others, just share the wealth.
Is "Jack Sprat would eat that booty like groceries." a compliment or an insult?
The sky is an illusion that protects us from the emptiness of space
People who don't use signals when changing lanes are the first to blame another involved in an accident with them for not using signals.
When does a spider web become a cobweb?
Getting high is a premium membership
Considering the big deal around puberty, I don't remember a thing.
We give metal circles with rocks on them to someone to signify that we want to enter into a lifelong contract with them.
Trains always win in an accident, they are too overpowered.
I get older, professional sports athletes stay the same age.
Which day was the first day?
Sometimes I tell the truth to make sure people believe me the times I say "it wasn't me".
If one of a standard traffic light's bulbs goes out, it still works.
An eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind? What about the other eye?
What would the world be like if we all had the work ethics of a dog? Work all day for a treat, a rub down, and a good boy and be completely happy with the compensation.
Porn has effected my real sex life most. Because porn doesn't have smell involved.
Doing anything while seriously drunk is like switching on inverted y axis in a game.
Cantaloupes are like a white man's watermelon
We cannot tell our own age before others tell us how old we are.
Internet is basically the whole of humanity's hard disk drive
With how long people are having to spend in college these days, the joke of Van Wilder attending for 7 years will be lost in the future.
Playing goalie in soccer is like playing support in mobas
If the average person goes to bed at 11pm and wakes up at 7, why is midnight at 12am and not at 3am?
"He can't yet do anything to us," and "He can't do anything to us, yet" sure elicit different emotions to me for saying the exact same thing.
If universal basic income and computer automation progress, our future will be "The Jetsons" just without flying cars
Accents or dialects might have been accidentally created because someone thought it was cool to do a voice and people just kept subconsciously copying it.
I'm embarrassed to admit to listening to one direction but not so much when they release songs as solo artists.
Shopping for clothes is really just a game of "let's see what I can fit into today!"
'what's for diner?' and 'what happens when you die?' two questions I will always be unsure about until after the fact.
If I weigh 99 pounds and eat 1 pound of nachos, am I 1% nacho?
Whenever I'm tailgating someone, I tell myself I'll only do it just this once because I'm in a hurry. Whenever someone tailgates me, I get super pissed off and assume they are a terrible driver.
The Netherlands lost out on a great opportunity to have their national extension be .ho
Yeti coolers should be long and wide at the base so they leave a big footprint.
It seems easier to get into some graduate schools than be employed. It could be easier to get accepted into graduate programs for history than find a job in it
Out of all entertainment events, going to the movies is the only one where you don't want to set close.
I wonder how much coconut sales have increased since "coconutting" has become a thing.
I wonder how accurate Yakko's The Nation's of the World song is at this point?
I wonder if people started spelling 'doughnuts' as 'donuts' because there is nothing displeasing about them.
If I'm Joe Black pre death, no way I'm letting girl at coffee shop leave my sight without getting phone number, would've saved his life
It's always been said that it's near impossible for people from third world countries to emigrate abroad. Though it always seems to be the case that more citizens from third world countries emigrate abroad more than citizens from developed countries.
Optical illusions are a real life example of things not always beeing as they seem.
Kim Kardashian makes a killing by living
If you were stressed before and now you're not, are you in the past-tense?
When you order a soup and find a fly in it you complain. But what if you are in some part of Asia and your plate would have been Insects....
Most people can refer to their birth year by the number, unless you were born in 2000, in which case you must say "the year 2000," which makes it sound like you're from the future.
If lonely women become cat ladies, what do lonely guys become?
What did the hair on our heads contribute to our survival as a species?
Does anything really matter "at the end of the day?"
I think one of the coolest parts of being a musician would be hearing all the covers/reinterpretations of your songs.
Baked potatoes are just lazy wanna be mashed potatoes and they aggravate me.
What happens in the future when Artificial Intelligence is run on bio-computers.....?
If an effective cure for cancer became available, would people start smoking again?
Efficiency is just intelligent laziness, and laziness is just efficient intelligence.
Am I the only one who notices that the most liked and popular people are often the ones with the most issues and are hell to deal with behind closed doors?!
If everything is opposite, everything will be the same.
If I spent as much time daydreaming that I could fly as I do daydreaming about what I could have said or done differently in past social events it would be just as pointless
With so many people having cell phones, never before as a society have we been more synchronized time wise. (At least within your network)
The most vibrant memory from my childhood
I've eaten trillions of Salmonella carcasses.
When i hear the song "Despacito" my body immediately reacts like Buzz Lightyear in spanish mode.
I don't know how many problems I have because maths is one of them.
I often feel like I'm living the version of my life that the other, alternate mes get to look in on when they get down around the holidays or when they've hit a rough patch and need a kick in the ass.
If Neo is "The One", would that make agent Smith "The Zero"?
Now that I'm an adult, I strive for my Dentist's approval more than my parents.
Morning is the only time of day we are compelled to remind everyone we interact with what time of day it is.
I wonder if it will still matter to me in my 30's whether a potential partner has the same taste as me in memes.
If real life operated on video game logic, a man's balls would glow red indicating a major weak point.
If an elderly woman and a woman who is 9 months pregnant are waiting for an elevator, who gets the right of way to get on first?
If Jim Carrey and Mike Meyers can be the Grinch and the Cat in the Hat, why can't Danny Devito be the Lorax?
I never fully appreciated the importance of reading comprehension until I got a job that primarily uses email for communication between parties.
Vampires can't see their reflection in the mirror, but we can see them through a camera lens in a movie.
If the zombie apocalypse was to happen, it would be filled with very well dressed zombies.
Peeling a sunburn in a beautiful location is like spreading your own ashes after a partial cremation
If science gets to the point where we can live forever and achieve immortality, then the only way that we will die would be accidents, murder or animal attacks.
To our stomachs all potatoes are mashed
Even if your eyes are open without consciousness you can't see.
Poopyhead upgrades to shithead when we get older as an insult
Dolphins are intelligent but never built civilizations because of the limitations of their bodies. If they evolved slightly more functional ones, would they rule the planet instead of humans?
It's weird how we use months as a specific unit of time, especially when some months are shorter than others.
Too bad Amish construction companies aren't a thing...
When cars are fully autonomous municipalities will have huge budget shortfalls due to the lack of tickets issued
If a human turns into a rat, would it be smart or dumb?
What most people want is to not wanting anything
Truth can never be truthful if no one else agrees upon it.
There is some arrangement of atoms that form my wife's boobs. Therefore, chemistry really turns me on.
The Muppets are incredibly expressive for what's basically a piece of felt and some googly eyes glued on.
My exercise is done usually after the warm up
Does the cars from the Cars movie get fired from their boss for taking a break while working?!
Is arguing about the best pop-tart flavor considered a "90's kids"-thing? Because Brown Sugar Cinnamon is the only right answer.
[BRASIL] Não abuse de alguém que está caído. Pode ser que ele(a) se levante
Everytime we send something into space, Earth gets a little bit lighter.
At every point in our lives we are faced with a three day ultimatum of water consumption
If you see someone sprinting around in public, you are watching the protagonist of a video game, controlled by a player wanting to get around the fastest way possible
They missed their chance with Kidnap: how the movie should have ended.
'Deftones' is the polar opposite idea to 'Deft Ones'
If a bag of doughnut holes were actually doughnut holes than they wouldn't exist, they would just be the empty space between a donut.
Sooner or later almost every sweet tooth turns into a sweet crown.
Given the recent events, we should probably check on Papa Roach.
Ratings for small ball bearings on every online store is proportional to its performance in a fidget spinner rather than more standard quality assessments under load.
I plan to be the first guy with Alzheimer's that knows he his losing his shit, and possibly take advantage of it.
Few things are annoying as a customer saying "you're welcome" when I thank them for their purchase
Why is it that when I eat Apple Jacks, it feels like I chewed on razor blades?
mario lopez looks like the personification of the spy kids movies
If the meaning of life is 42, and the weight of a soul is 21 grams, is being in a monogamous relationship the meaning of life?
If we ever make space civilization a real thing, will Earth be a planet for only rich, or only poor people?
Tortillas are just envelopes for your food
When I'm old and I am incredulous at recent modern advancements but don't really care to understand as long as I enjoy their benefits, I hope as least one of them is a self-cooling pillow whose fresh crispness is endless.
NAV is the Bobby Jindal of hip hop
If humans could fly, we would consider it exercise and never do it
Do you think you've bought milk from the same cow twice?
Take a moment and add color to that black and white photo it adds a measure of realism that most overlook.
When you physically read a book, all you are doing is staring at paper with ink on it. You do this for hours.
The kid in me likes the frosted side but the adult in me NEEDS TO UNDERSTAND THE WRITERS OF THIS SHOW NEEDED THE PLOT POINT TO HAPPEN TO FURTHER THE STORY JUST ACCEPT IT AND MOVE ON
As a child I thought there would be far more people trying to assassinate me.
Odds are that at least one of you will have a spider in your toilet tonight.
if we ever get to see the black side of the moon, it will stop being black
Always double wrap your tacos, for safety.
Where does the dead grass go when you mow your lawn? I've never seen dead grass flying along in the wind before.
What if everyone see colors differently, but no one can tell because these are the only colors youve ever seen? (For example, what if my red looks like your blue)
Imagine you are immortal, what would you like to do for all of eternity? Find a job that fits that, create your own happiness:)
If you are what you eat, canibals are the only true humans.
I wonder how different guys would be if their childhoods weren't spent playing sports that cause brain damage.
I can book my Uber now and till the time it comes I can find my phone.
After all this time I still don't know what a pornstar martini is
I feel like I tell how well my life is going based on the percentage of battery my phone has when I wake up each day
I need every Arnold Schwarzenegger movie redone in black voice. I can't go back.
I wonder what a crossover episode of Veep and House of Cards would look like. 🤔
When I was 5 I wanted to fly a starship, now im 25 and i cant even drive a car, shit
Races are equal but cultures are not.
You know you've worked out well when you can't do the Head, Shoulders, Knees & Toes moves
Ignorance of the Law excuses no one. Then why is it there is an exception to the general rule.
Freckles from the sun are the equivalent of dead pixels on a screen
Given how much memes have done for society, it won't be long until a meme kills someone
The possibility of global thermonuclear war is a great reason to justify colonizing other planets
A man once kicking a stone instead of just walking by (or any other minor difference) could actually change the history so much that the world would be unrecognizably different.
It's normal to eat alone in college, but if you do it in a restaurant, people will definitely judge you
If no one talked about the dangers of looking at the sun during the solar eclipse, I don't think anyone would even notice to look.
The shush is the most hypocritical way to tell someone to be quiet.
Quitting a job is a way to personally fire your employer.
Is it appropriate to say 'good morning' during a funeral?
Pretty sure I just saw a commercial for fancy perfume in the commercial break between Futurama and South Park...
Over the past 10 years, my dog has littered more than I have because he eats garbage and then poops it out outside, and I hardly ever just throw garbage on the ground.
When you wish someome a happy birthday you're basically saying "Congratulations you have survived another year without dying."
Arkansas is Kansas with an Ar but the pronunciation is vastly different.
Bad news sells more than good news. News corporations show far more bad news than good news, making the world seem worse than it is.
A lightsaber duel is the one place you wouldn't want to bring a gun
Farts are just food spirits trying to escape our bodies
The worst noise i've heard from my headphones are 'battery low'
Why is the H in House pronounced differently from the H in Hours?
I'm fine waiting 15-20 minutes for my food to arrive at a restaurant, but G-d forbid my 14 tacos from Taco Bell takes longer than 2 minutes.
People think the opening to Game of Thrones is so long. To me it's the same length as almost every anime opening I've ever seen
What if the haters dabbing back is Jake Paul's weakness
It seems to me that optical telescopes are just dick measuring on an astronomical scale.
What if at a younger age we feel pain in our hair and thats why kids cry at the barber.
The LPT subreddit is the real life Game Genie I never thought would exist.
